are we
good
huh
uh I think we're
back that's was
weird internet didn't go down I think
restream iio went down for a second
h
okay well view count is working again so
I guess uh I don't know it went down for
a second that was weird wasn't my
internet
on
what was left on the to-do list to
implement
anyways let's go check the dock
we don't have the
Nexus that's not that
hard we got this we got this not doing
that screw
that uh Missing
stuff missing
features leveling it's
important we've got Oops why why do this
stupid thing
happen got leveling we've got
um
tuning idea for pathing before
runtime compute shortest paths between
all way points is a pre-processing
step then have the creeps follow the
pre-computed path with B sck pit control
that would be a smart thing to do
yes you're completely right um I could
compute I could
pre-compute
the I could literally pre
compute shortest path from every point
on the map to every Waypoint right that
wouldn't even be that bad
you can't compute shortest path from
every Waypoint to every
tile but you can do it from every tile
to every
Waypoint that's a good
idea and then we wouldn't even need the
linear pathing cuz that's just a look up
right I'm not going to do that right now
cuz that's actually a fair bit of work
um but yeah that's a great
idea I think we could even do that as a
pre-processing
script right we could literally just do
that as a pre-processing script um we
can just have a a python script that
takes in the map it'll return an array
will you have like you know the the move
that you want to take or whatever
yeah it's literally just returns an
array I don't know why I didn't think of
pre-computing pathing that's a very good
suggestion
and then we won't have to change the map
at all we'll be able to use the exact
DOTA
map how does vision work in the forest
is it like as soon as you step into the
forest you can see the
enemy is it just like oh there's
actually vision checks and stuff huh
that's hard